Being trans means your gender identity does not align/match with your assigned gender at birth. Being trans does not mean you have to undergo HRT (Hormone replacement therapy) or have gender reassignment surgery. Being trans does NOT mean that you have done any surgery or changed anything. Being trans does not have to be a physical thing but is a mental thing. Things like gender dysphoria (you know that feeling when you walk into the wrong classroom or locker room?? Yea this is kinda like that feeling, basically feeling something is terribly wrong), and Euphoria (a feeling that something has clicked into place and it feels amazing because something gender-affirming or something that makes you feel very comfortable and you just cry of happiness on the inside) can help determine what gender you are. It can get really complicated if you research too much about it. You also can’t choose to be trans. Too many people get this wrong and a lot of people misunderstand what being trans is or how people become trans. Things like people thinking gender education make kids brainwashed, have mental illnesses, etc. People can also be transphobic by having a certain religious belief about LGBTQ+ people. There are many different factors and everyone finds out differently, so don’t ask LGBTQ+ people that they aren’t who they are because their story doesn’t match with other people in their same community. Being Transphobic does NOT mean you have an irrational fear of trans people. It means that you probably discriminate against trans people, hates them because of a religious belief, or have misunderstood what being trans is, and many more reasons. People might have gender dysphoria from hearing different things about what happened to other people, or what you feel about how your gender is compared to the one you think you are. Most people think that Gender Dysphoria is just the discomfort in Genitals or any sexual characteristics, but it can be any form of discomfort as long as it does not match with a trans person’s assigned gender at birth. Some people believe that being trans isn't a real thing, but that has been scientifically proven. If you want to check if I’m correct, feel free to if you don’t believe me. Things gender-affirming are things that make a trans person feel validated. You should support a trans person this way, as they can feel much happier and experience gender euphoria. A trans person can transition socially (just telling people about being or that they are trans) They can also undergo HRT which is taking medicine or a shot that has hormones in it will change different things depending on which one you take. The female hormone: Estrogen, can promote the development of breast tissue, reduce body hair growth, decrease muscle mass, and softer skin. Estrogen therapy can also lead to a redistribution of body fat, resulting in a more feminine body shape. The Male hormone: Testosterone, can change the growth of body hair, increase muscle mass and strength, deepen the voice, and distribute fat differently than Estrogen. The age requirement for starting HRT is usually 18+, but many laws have recently banned them everywhere in the U.S. You can also get Puberty blockers which usually you can start at any age, but normally it would be when you’re 15 years old. Gender IDENTITY is different than Gender EXPRESSION. You can still be trans even if you are not expressing your true gender. This informational passage was written by Crystaline, and this will be used to stop some Transphobes from being transphobic anymore, and/or teach people what it means to be trans. Please be respectful to everyone in the LGBTQIA+ community because they have to go through so much every single day. (dealing with people like transphobes, or people who want to know trans people to use it as leverage to blackmail them to do things. If you are this type of person JUST STOPPPPP) I (Crystaline) have 1 and a half years of research in this type of stuff, and I know what I’m doing.
